he's like what advice do you have for an
up-and-coming mawkish let me give you
the condensed version of our answer
build in posted and now I'm looking at
his crotch okay why would slippers have
toes by which the Purcell crotches be
something housing instead of the bevels
all right well guys I think since we
move into marks Oh what do you know you
I can hear myself fit for the love of
God late watch I wanna watch transport
fine spoiler man I think our way was
pretty great stuff huh guys guys would
look better if the hand was black but
other than that maybe look better sure
what there wasn't a stem jamming into my
eye
yeah if someone's insulting you just if
you're gonna confront them don't be a
dick about it just don't just be nice
swearing hey that's an actual part of
the anatomy and Internet it's a name
yeah oh well thanks you so much Ben I
appreciate you being sensitive about
mine about me I really appreciate it
I'm sorry I just know it actually kind
of was that great are you great I'm
great girl you crimp what what I like
crepes I never understood why people
like funhouse so much because he was not
the same as other mops he was it was
because it was get a few sharpies and
make his face I still have those
sharpies and you attached pectorals what
I'm trying to do that right now how do
you attach pectorals I'll do what like
actual pectorals all right Vox marks no
nobody no better no better question how
do you attach human pectorals to nothing
I didn't say whether I'm attaching them
to okay anyway here's another mark the
circumference of a minifigure head is
the exact same as a ball-joint well it's
actually it'll be bigger so it's pretty
tight you're actually a little bit
it's a little tight well I put a weight
recently but how much money do you think
you've spent on ordering pieces online
oh okay much too much I can tell you
right now I don't go and brick Winkle
that often anymore but there was a point
in my life when I was being a mask
collector and I'm pretty sure I spent
over a hundred forty bucks just on masks
and I'm telling you I regret that
because their masks yes I can't want to
use myself P now chorus omegas calling
wonderful oh gosh he's a gentleman if
you wanna call you can I'll call Callen
every one of you that has him on his
contacts or Skype everyone called him at
once
having